IT&apos;S
AFTER SIX I AM STEPHANIE CUTTER
,THE VICE CHAIR OF THE
COMMISSION I AM STANDING TODAY
FOR OUR CHAIRPERSON FRANCES
TODORA HARGREAVES WHO IS OUT
OF TOWN AND I&apos;M GOING TO CALL
THE OCTOBER MEETING OF THE ANN
ARBOR INDEPENDENT COMMUNITY
POLICE OVERSIGHT COMMISSION TO
ORDER.
AND I&apos;M GOING TO ASK MR. NETZ
TO PLEASE DO THE ROLL CALL.
SHE HAD TO DO A AS COMMISSIONER
JACKSON HERSELF COMMISSIONER
THEIR SHIP IS EPSA COMMISSIONER
PIPKINS HERE COMMISSIONER
MILGROM HERE, COMMISSIONER
OFMAN PRESIDENT VICE CHAIR
CADRE HERE, COMMISSIONER
HARRISON PRESENT COMMISSIONER
MEHLVILLE MIZER SORRY IS ABSENT
COMMISSIONER BILLUPS PRESENT
WE
THANK YOU.
CAN I HAVE A MOTION TO APPROVE?
&gt;&gt; WELL FIRST OF ALL ARE THERE
ANY AMENDMENTS TO THE AGENDA?
&gt;&gt; IF NOT CAN I HAVE A MOTION
TO APPROVE TONIGHT&apos;S AGENDA,
MAKE A MOTION TO APPROVE THE
OCTOBER MEETING AGENDA?
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
IS THERE A SECOND CIRCUIT?
THANK YOU.
AND I IF THERE ARE NO
AMENDMENTS TO THE AGENDA THEN
THE MOTION HAS BEEN MADE AND
PROPERLY.
SECOND ALL IN FAVOR I ANY
OPPOSED.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
NOW IS THE TIME FOR A PUBLIC
FORUM.
&gt;&gt; DO WE HAVE ANYONE WAITING?
I DON&apos;T HAVE ANYONE IN LINE
PRESENTLY.
&gt;&gt; OK THANK YOU.
THE MINUTES FROM SEPTEMBER&apos;S
MEETING ARE ATTACHED TO YOUR
AGENDA IF EVERYONE HAS HAD A
CHANCE TO LOOK AT THEM ARE
THERE ANY AMENDMENTS TO THE
AGENDA?
I&apos;M SORRY TO THE MINUTES.
&gt;&gt; IF NOT, IS THERE A MORE SO
THAT&apos;S OK.
IS THERE A MOTION TO APPROVE
THE MINUTES FROM THE MEETING
OF SEPTEMBER 27, 2022 MAKE A
MOTION TO APPROVE THE MINUTES
OF SEPTEMBER MEETING.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
IS THERE A SECOND I SECOND.
THANK YOU.
NO FURTHER DISCUSSION.
ALL IN FAVOR I ANY OPPOSED.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
THE MOTION PASSES IN THE
MINUTES FROM THIS SEPTEMBER.
TWENTY SEVENTH TWENTY TWENTY
TWO MEETING ARE APPROVED UNDER
OUR OLD BUSINESS IS THE
RESOLUTION REGARDING THE
UNARMED RESPONSE.
I KNOW THERE&apos;S BEEN A LOT
OF DISCUSSION AS YOU KNOW WE
SENT A STATEMENT TO COUNCIL
BASICALLY EXPRESSING
DISAPPOINTMENT AT THE WAY
THINGS WERE MOVING ALONG WITH
THE UNARMED RESPONSE AND THERE
WAS A RESPONSE TO THAT WHICH
WAS SUBMITTED BY THE CITY
ADMINISTRATOR YESTERDAY I
ATTENDED A MEETING ALONG WITH
COUNCIL PERSONS SONG AND OUR
CHAIRPERSON AND COMMISSIONER
JACKSON AND THERE WAS IN DEPTH
DISCUSSION.
&gt;&gt; NOW WE WERE SUPPOSED TO BE
MEETING AS PART OF OUR MEETING
TONIGHT.
WE WERE GOING TO WORK ON A
PROPOSAL OR DISCUSS A
RESOLUTION TO COUNCIL WITH
REGARD TO OUR FEELINGS AS TO
HOW THESE PREPARATIONS FOR THE
UNARMED RESPONSE PROGRAM WERE
GOING.
LET ME ASK COUNCILPERSONS SONG
DO YOU HAVE ANY COMMENTS AT
THIS POINT ABOUT THE MEETING
YESTERDAY OR IN GENERAL?
I THINK WHAT CITY ADMINISTRATOR
NOT INTO WANTED TO EXPRESS TO
EVERYONE IS THAT HE&apos;S HE&apos;S
HEARD THIS CONCERT CONCERNS.
HE UNDERSTANDS WHERE THEY&apos;RE
COMING FROM AND MY REQUESTS
I&apos;VE ASKED FOR HIM TO GIVE TO
COUNCIL AND THE COMMISSION A
CALENDAR OF HOW THIS CONSULTANT
WHO&apos;S WORKING THROUGH THE
UNARMED CRISIS RESPONSE
COMMITTEE ENGAGEMENT WILL
ENGAGE THE COMMUNITY.
SO IF WE HAVE A SENSE OF WHAT
TO EXPECT WHEN YOU EXPECT IT,
THEN I THINK WE&apos;D HAVE A BETTER
WAY OF RESPONDING INSTEAD
OF JUST I GUESS WAITING FOR
THEM TO INVITE US TO DO
SOMETHING FOR THE I&apos;M HOPING
THAT IF WE HAVE THIS CALENDAR
WE CAN ACTUALLY WORK MORE
COLLABORATIVELY WITH WITH THE
CONSULTANT.
SO AND THIS IS A PRIORITY THE
CITY ADMINISTRATOR HAS MADE AND
HE IS HE IS DIRECTLY HE WILL BE
DIRECTLY RESPONSIVE TO TO THAT
WELL, I WAS I WAS PERSONALLY
SATISFIED YESTERDAY WITH OUR
WITH OUR MEETING WITH THE CITY
ADMINISTRATOR.
WE DID INDICATE TO HIM THAT WE
WOULD BE PREPARING OUR RESPONSE
TO HIS RESPONSE.
THERE WERE CERTAIN THINGS THAT
WE WANTED TO MAKE SURE I
CLEARED UP.
I ASKED SPECIFICALLY ACCORDING
TO THE THE CONTRACT THAT THE
CITY HAS WITH THESE CONSULTANTS
,CERTAINLY THERE WAS A
TIMELINE AND BY APRIL OR MAY
THEY WERE SUPPOSED TO HAVE A
PLAN AND WE ASKED WHETHER THERE
IS A PLAN BECAUSE PERHAPS SOME
OF THE THINGS THAT WE THOUGHT
HADN&apos;T BEEN DONE OR DON&apos;T PLAN
TO BE DONE MAYBE THEY&apos;RE PART
OF THE PLAN BUT AS OF YET WE
HAVEN&apos;T SEEN THE PLAN.
SO I&apos;M HOPEFUL THAT WE CAN MOVE
ALONG NOW COMMISSIONER JACKSON
HAS A POINT BY POINT
PRESENTATION OR RESPONSE THAT I
HAD HOPED WOULD BE ABLE TO
SHARE WITH US TONIGHT.
BUT SHE SAID SHE WAS UNABLE TO
COME TO THE MEETING SO I WOULD
IMAGINE THAT WITHIN THE NEXT
WEEK OR TWO WE WILL BE
RECEIVING THAT POINT BY POINT
AND PERHAPS A DRAFT.
&gt;&gt; NOW THIS WAS MY IDEA AND IT
DOESN&apos;T HAVE TO I CAN OPEN THE
FLOOR IF ANYONE WANTS TO
COMMENT.
I SORT OF DON&apos;T LIKE THAT.
&gt;&gt; YOU KNOW, YOU SAID THIS.
WE SAID THIS.
WE SAID THIS GOING BACK AND
FORTH.
&gt;&gt; AND SO I HAD THOUGHT ONCE WE
HAVE OUR RESPONSE TO THE
ADMINISTRATORS RESPONSE THAT WE
WOULD ACTUALLY SUBMIT IT TO HIM
FIRST BEFORE WE SEND IT TO
COUNCIL AND IF HE HAS PROBLEMS
WITH THAT QUESTIONS WHATEVER
ADDITIONS THEN HE CAN MAKE
THOSE AND THEN WE CAN, YOU
KNOW, SEND IT ON SO THAT&apos;S I
DON&apos;T KNOW IF ANYONE HAS ANY
PARTICULAR THOUGHTS ON THAT
IDEA BUT I THOUGHT THAT MIGHT
HELP BOTH WITH OUR RELATIONS
WITH THE CITY ADMINISTRATOR AND
GETTING AN UNDERSTANDING
OF WHERE WE&apos;RE GOING ON THIS SO
WELL I THINK IT WOULD BE
HELPFUL THAT IF WE TRUST
OF COURSE THE COMMITTEE
OF PEOPLE WHO ARE WHO HAVE
GOTTEN A RESPONSE FROM THE CITY
ADMINISTRATOR BUT IT MIGHT BE
GOOD JUST IN GENERAL THAT IF WE
AS COMMISSIONERS GOT A CHANCE
TO SEE THAT RESPONSE SO THAT WE
KNOW THAT WHAT THE QUESTIONS
ARE, THE THINGS THAT CHAIR THAT
COMMISSIONER JACKSON AND OTHERS
HAVE ALREADY PUT TOGETHER THAT
IT ADEQUATELY RESPOND TO THOSE
QUESTIONS IF POSSIBLE.
&gt;&gt; SIR, THANK YOU, COMMISSIONER
BILLUPS.
I WOULD IMAGINE AND AGAIN I&apos;M
NOT RUNNING THIS TRAINING I
WOULD IMAGINE THAT ONCE WE GET
OUR THE POINT BY POINT THAT I
UNDERSTAND COMMISSIONER JACKSON
IS PREPARING THAT WE WOULD
DISTRIBUTE THAT TO THE OTHER
COMMISSIONERS AND INVITE INPUT
BY THE WAY, THIS MIGHT BE A
GOOD PLACE AFTER SPEAKING WITH
CHAIR TEODORO HARGRAVES, I SENT
A MEMO TO THE CITY ATTORNEY
WITH SOME QUESTIONS ABOUT THE
OPEN MEETINGS ACT AND JUST WHAT
WE CAN DO AND WHAT WE CAN&apos;T DO
AWAY FROM OUR MEETINGS.
&gt;&gt; AND I GOT A VERY GOOD AND
COMPREHENSIVE RESPONSE BACK
FROM THE CITY ATTORNEY.
I TOLD HIM I APPRECIATE THAT
AND I WILL SHARE THAT.
I JUST GOT IT THIS AFTERNOON
BUT I THEN NOTICE THAT IN OUR
IN OUR NOTEBOOK OUR THREE RING
BINDER THAT I THINK EVERYBODY
IS THERE&apos;S A SECTION ON THE
OPEN MEETINGS ACT AND WHAT WE
CAN AND CAN&apos;T CAN&apos;T DO AT OUR
MEETING AND IN SMALLER GROUPS.
SO I&apos;M GOING TO PASS ON THE
EMAIL WHAT I ALSO LEARNED TODAY
AND I DID NOT HAVE ANY IDEA
OF THIS ANY COMMUNICATION OR
WRITTEN COMMUNICATION THAT WE
SEND OUT TO EACH OTHER TO
EVERYBODY ON THE COMMISSION IS
A IS A PUBLIC RECORD.
SO JUST SO THAT WE ARE AWARE
OF THAT AND I WOULD SUGGEST
THAT EVERYBODY MAYBE GO TO YOUR
THRILLING BINDER SOMETIME AND
READ THAT SECTION ON THE OPEN
MEETINGS ACT IN TERMS OF WHAT
WE CAN AND CANNOT DO WHEN WE&apos;RE
NOT IN OUR OPEN MEETING.
&gt;&gt; SO I DON&apos;T KNOW IF ANYONE
ELSE AGAIN I HAD THOUGHT THERE
MIGHT BE MORE DISCUSSION TODAY.
IS THERE ANYTHING THAT ANYONE
WOULD LIKE TO JUST MAKE A
RECORD OF AT THIS POINT AND
MAYBE SO THAT COMMISSIONER
JACKSON HAS SOME VERBAL INPUT
FROM US WITH REGARD TO OUR OUR
OUR COMMUNICATION TO COUNCIL
AND THEN THE WRITTEN RESPONSE
THAT WE GOT THAT COUNCIL GOT
FROM THE FROM THE CITY
ADMINISTRATOR.
I THINK ONE OF THE ISSUES THAT
WE HAVE IS IS JUST NOT KNOWING
THE PROPER WAY OF COMMUNICATING
WITH EACH OTHER AND SOMETIMES
WE FOLLOW A PATH, YOU KNOW, WE
ARE INDEPENDENT AND WE HAVE TO
CONVEY THE CONCERNS OF THE
CITIZENS THAT WE REPRESENT OVER
HERE AND WE WANT TO MAKE SURE
THAT ALL SEGMENTS OF OUR
COMMUNITY IS BEING REPRESENTED
AND BEING SPOKEN TO
OR HEARD
FROM SO THIS IS WHERE WE COME
FROM AND WE SHOULD MAKE THIS
QUITE CLEAR TO WHOMEVER WE WE
RAISE THE CONCERN TO.
&gt;&gt; BUT I I AGREE THAT WE SHOULD
NOT GO BACK AND FORTH IN TERMS
OF WHO&apos;S RIGHT WAS NOT IT&apos;S NOT
A ZERO SUM.
IT&apos;S A A SOMETHING THAT WE
LEARN FROM EACH OTHER AND WE
BUILD ON THE POSITIVES WE TRY
TO IT IS TO DO THE THINGS THAT
ARE NOT CLEAR, MAKE SURE THAT
THE ISSUES ARE BEING ADDRESSED
PROPERLY AND WE CAN DO THIS
REALLY AND A WAY THAT DOES NOT
REFLECT THAT THERE IS A TENSION
OR THERE IS A LITTLE BIT
OF DISCOURSE BETWEEN THE
COMMISSION AND WITH THE CITY
OF THE THE THE ADMINISTRATOR OR
THE POLICE DEPARTMENT.
WE SHOULD WORK TOGETHER IN A
WAY THAT WOULD PROMOTE A
POSITIVE INTERACTIONS AND
POSITIVE RESULTS THAT WOULD
REFLECT THE ASPIRATIONS OF THE
COMMUNITY THAT WE REPRESENT.
THANK YOU.
I TOTALLY AGREE AND THEN I JUST
WANT TO ADD TO THAT ONE OF THE
CONCERNS THAT SOME OF US HAD
ABOUT THE ADMINISTRATORS
RESPONSE IS THAT IT CALLED INTO
QUESTION THE VERACITY OF SOME
OF THE THINGS THAT WE WERE
SAYING AND AS COMMISSIONER
JACKSON POINTED OUT, WE WANT TO
BE SEEN AS ENTIRELY TRUTHFUL IN
EVERYTHING THAT WE DO AND
UPFRONT AND AND AND ABOVE BOARD
ON EVERYTHING THAT WE DO.
&gt;&gt; SO WE WHEN ANYTHING THAT WE
PUT OUT IS CHALLENGED AS BEING
NOT ACCURATE, WE WE PROBABLY DO
NEED TO RESPOND IN SOME WAY TO
THAT.
YES.
COMMISSIONER, I JUST I GUESS I
WANT TO SORT OF ECHO WHAT
COMMISSIONER OTHMAN&apos;S SAID BOTH
OF BOTH OF YOUR BOTH OF YOUR
POINTS ACTUALLY ABOUT SOME
FIRST I&apos;VE HAD SOME FRUSTRATION
NOT KNOWING HOW WE CAN
COMMUNICATE WITH ONE ANOTHER
HERE OR WHAT ARE THE BEST WAYS
TO COMMUNICATE.
AND I KNOW THAT AND I AND I
HAVE READ THE OPEN MEETINGS BUT
I ACTUALLY FRANKLY THINK IT&apos;S A
LITTLE VAGUE OR IT JUST DOESN&apos;T
QUITE ANSWER MY QUESTION ABOUT
ABOUT EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS.
I MEAN THERE&apos;S A SPECIFIC
SECTION ABOUT EMAILING DURING
AN OPEN MEETING AND I THINK,
YOU KNOW, OUT OF AN ABUNDANCE
OF CAUTION THERE HAVE BEEN
SUGGESTIONS AND OTHER THINGS
I&apos;VE READ THAT, YOU KNOW, NEVER
NEVER REPLY ALL IF YOU YOU KNOW
BUT SO I WILL LOOK FORWARD TO
SEEING WHAT THE CITY ATTORNEY
HAS WRITTEN TO SEE IF THERE IS
MORE SPECIFICITY THERE.
AND WE WE SHOULD FIGURE OUT HOW
WE CAN TALK ABOUT WITHOUT
VIOLATING THE OPEN MEETINGS HOW
WE CAN BEST COMMUNICATE WITH
ONE ANOTHER OUTSIDE OF THESE
OUTSIDE OF THESE MEETINGS.
SO THAT&apos;S POINT NUMBER ONE AND
POINT NUMBER TWO, I ALSO YOU
KNOW, WHEN I READ THE CITY
ADMINISTRATORS MEMO I WAS QUITE
TAKEN ABACK BY IT BECAUSE THE
SPECIFICITY OF IT AND IN THE
FORCEFULNESS OF IT AND SO I DID
FEEL LIKE WE SHOULD PROBABLY
RESPOND TO THAT WITH THE SAME
AMOUNT, YOU KNOW, IN KIND AT
THE SAME TIME, YOU KNOW, YOU
FOLKS HAVE WE&apos;VE HAD OUR
LEADERSHIP HAS HAD A DISCUSSION
WITH HIM TODAY.
IT SOUNDS LIKE IT WAS CANDID
AND POSITIVE AND SO I DON&apos;T
AGAIN I ALSO DON&apos;T KNOW HOW
MUCH WE NEED TO SPEND GOING
BACK AND FORTH OR LOOKING BACK
IF WE CAN FIND COMMON GROUND
NOW AND GO FORWARD.
THAT&apos;S THE THAT&apos;S THE MOST
IMPORTANT THING IF WE CAN FIND
AND WE&apos;LL BE INTERESTED TO SEE
WHAT COMMISSIONER JACKSON HAS
ALREADY PROVIDED AND WHAT SHE&apos;S
GOING TO SEND TO US.
BUT I MEAN IF WE CAN YOU KNOW
RATHER THAN I MEAN I KNOW I
SUGGESTED IT MYSELF WE NEED TO
BE JUST AS SPECIFIC BUT MAYBE
NOT IF WE&apos;VE ALREADY AGREED ON
SOME THINGS IN PRIVATE AND WE
CAN JUST MAKE THE MAJOR POINTS
AND BE ON THE RECORD ABOUT THAT
AND AND AND EMPHASIZE MOVING
FORWARD TOGETHER.
LET&apos;S NOT LOOK BACK LET&apos;S LET&apos;S
MOVE FORWARD NOW.
&gt;&gt; SO THANK YOU COMMISSIONER
MILGRIM.
&gt;&gt; ANY OTHER COMMENTS FOR THE
RECORD AT THIS POINT WITH
REGARD TO THE THE WHOLE ISSUE
OF WHERE WE ARE ON THE UNARMED
RESPONSE MATTER?
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
IF NOT AND THAT REPLY ALL IF
YOU CAN&apos;T YOU CAN&apos;T REPLY ALL
WITHOUT IT AND STILL COMPLY
WITH THE WITH THE OPEN MEETINGS
AT FORTY FOUR OUR EMAILS AT
PRESENT REGARDLESS OF WHAT
YOU&apos;RE COMMUNICATING I MEAN FOR
INSTANCE YOU CAN SEND AN AGENDA
AND MAYBE RESPOND TO THAT.
&gt;&gt; I THINK YOU CAN DO THAT.
WHAT I WAS TOLD BASICALLY IS
THAT IF YOU&apos;RE GOING TO DO A
REPLY ALL YOU ALSO NEED TO
INCLUDE STAFF SO THAT THAT
BECOMES A PUBLIC RECORD.
OK SO YEAH I WILL AS I SAY I
JUST GOT THIS THIS AFTERNOON
AND WELL IF WE IF WE INCLUDE
DENISE I&apos;M SORRY IF WE IF WE
INCLUDE DENISE THEN IT DOES
BECOMES PUBLIC IT BECOMES A
PUBLIC RECORD SO AND THAT AND
THEN THEREFORE NOT A VIOLATION
OF THE THAT&apos;S THAT&apos;S THAT&apos;S
CORRECT AS I UNDERSTAND IT THE
ONE THING I THINK PROBABLY THAT
WOULD HELP CLARIFY THIS GRAY
AREA IS IF THE EMAIL COMES FROM
DENISE OBVIOUSLY AND WE RESPOND
TO DENISE ONLY SO WE DON&apos;T HAVE
TO RESPOND TO HER ONLY JUST TO
DENISE BECAUSE THEN WE&apos;RE NOT
COMMUNICATING AMONG AMONG
OURSELVES WHAT WE HAVE THERE
MIGHT BE THERE MIGHT BE SOME
KIND OF A PROJECT YOU ARE
WORKING WITH SUBCOMMITTEE TWO
OR THREE OF YOU COMMUNICATE.
SURE, SURE.
IF IT&apos;S NOT IT&apos;S NOT A QUORUM
AND IT&apos;S TO FACILITATE THE THE
ISSUE THAT YOU ARE DEALING
WITH.
EVERYBODY IS DOING A LITTLE BIT
ASSIGNMENT IN HERE AND YOU
KNOW, AT THE END YOU UPDATE
EACH OTHER ABOUT THAT.
THAT&apos;S NOT A VIOLATION OF THAT.
AND THEN AS IF YOU WERE A
REPRESENTATIVE OF THAT TASK
FORCE NOW YOU PRESENT THE
FINDINGS OF THAT SUBCOMMITTEE
TO THE OVERALL AND THAT WOULD
BE OPEN AND THAT WOULD BE A
RECORD.
BUT I THINK IF WE HAVE AN
AGENDA, IF WE GET IT FROM
DENISE, IF YOU HAVE AN ISSUE TO
BE ADDED TO THE AGENDA,
PROBABLY PASS IT TO DENISE.
&gt;&gt; WE DON&apos;T HAVE TO PROBABLY
SEND IT TO EVERYONE.
RIGHT.
BUT AT THE SAME TIME IF IF
SHE&apos;S INCLUDED IN THE EMAIL, WE
CAN WE CAN WE CAN REPLY TO
EVERYBODY AND MAYBE IT&apos;S A IT&apos;S
A IT&apos;S A QUESTION YOU WANT TO
THROW OUT TO EVERYBODY JUST TO
GET A SENSE OF WHAT OTHER
PEOPLE ARE THINKING TO I MEAN
WHAT IS WHAT WOULD BE THE HARM
I MEAN NOW THAT YOU&apos;VE
CLARIFIED THAT AS LONG AS A
STAFF MEMBER IS ON THE EMAIL WE
CAN HAVE A DISCUSSION AND IT&apos;S
IT BECOMES PART OF THE PUBLIC
RECORD AND IT&apos;S NOT A
VIOLATION.
I&apos;M NOT SUGGESTING THAT WE WE
WOULD PLAY ALL ON EVERY ISSUE
BUT BUT IF BUT IF WE CAN IF WE
CAN OPERATE THAT WAY AND HAVE
DISCUSSIONS AMONG OURSELVES, I
THINK IT WOULD BE A GOOD THING
FOR US.
&gt;&gt; I THINK THE ISSUE IS THAT IF
YOU&apos;RE DELIBERATING AS A
MAJORITY THEN THE FOLKS THEN
THE PUBLIC DOESN&apos;T HAVE AN
OPPORTUNITY TO GIVE PUBLIC
COMMENTS OR RESPOND TO IT.
SO THAT AND THAT&apos;S WHY THAT
WORK THAT DELIBERATION HAS TO
HAPPEN HERE VERSUS IF YOU&apos;RE IN
SMALLER COMMITTEES AND
REPORTING TO EACH OTHER AND
JUST RELYING ON SOMEONE TO LEAD
THE COMMITTEE.
&gt;&gt; YEAH.
ANY QUESTION AS TO WHAT
PROBABLY MAYBE WE SHOULD WE
SHOULD TABLE THIS WEEK FOR
LEVEL AND YEAH.
&gt;&gt; YEAH WE CAN AND IF THERE ARE
SPECIFIC QUESTIONS YOU KNOW I
THINK THE CITY ATTORNEY IS OPEN
TO ADDRESSING YOU KNOW, ANY
SPECIFICS THAT ARE INCLUDED IN
THIS RESPONSE OR WHAT&apos;S IN OUR
PACKET ALREADY.
&gt;&gt; BUT I THINK IT&apos;S JUST A
MATTER OF UNDERSTANDING THAT
WHAT YOU SAY IN THAT EMAIL IF
IT GOES TO EVERYBODY IT&apos;S A
PUBLIC RECORD AND IT CAN BE FOR
IT GOING SO BUT YOU CAN HAVE
WORK GROUPS THAT ARE TWO OR
THREE AND WORK ON MY SO BUT YOU
CANNOT MAKE DECISIONS AND VOTE
ON THINGS VIA EMAIL AS A
COMMISSION.
&gt;&gt; RIGHT.
BUT I MEAN I I USED TO PRACTICE
SO YOU KNOW I KNOW ENOUGH NOW
JUST JUST ENOUGH TO BE
EXTREMELY DANGEROUS BUT IT&apos;S
BEEN A WHILE BUT I MEAN I AGAIN
I READ THE OPEN MEETINGS AND
I&apos;M NOT SURE THAT I QUITE
UNDERSTAND I KNOW OUT OF AN
ABUNDANCE OF CAUTION YOU JUST
DON&apos;T HAVE A DISCUSSION BY
EMAIL.
BUT ARE THERE THINGS YOU CAN
ACTUALLY DISCUSS IT DON&apos;T RISE
TO THE LEVEL OF DELIBERATIONS?
YOU KNOW, I THINK THERE
PROBABLY ARE AND SO I&apos;D BE
INTERESTED IN LEARNING MORE
ABOUT THAT AND AND FIGURING OUT
WAYS AGAIN I DON&apos;T KNOW MAYBE
I&apos;M THE ONLY ONE WHO FEELS THIS
WAY BUT I&apos;M FAIRLY NEW TO THE
COMMISSION BUT I&apos;VE FELT LIKE
WE&apos;VE BEEN SILOED A LITTLE BIT
AND NOT ABLE TO SPEAK WITH ONE
ANOTHER AND MAYBE I HAVEN&apos;T
BEEN PROACTIVE ENOUGH IN
REACHING OUT TO CERTAIN
COMMISSIONERS SEPARATELY.
BUT YOU KNOW, WE CAN ONLY HAVE
A DISCUSSION HERE.
IT HAMSTRINGS YOU A LITTLE BIT.
I&apos;VE BEEN ON PLENTY OF OF
BOARDS AND FRANKLY FOR ME THE
FIRST TIME I&apos;VE BEEN ON A
COMMISSION OR BOARD THAT WAS
SUBJECT TO THE OPEN MEETINGS SO
I&apos;M YEAH, A LITTLE FOR IT&apos;S
BEEN A LITTLE FRUSTRATING I
GUESS FOR ME BUT HE CAN HAVE
PHONE
HALF LIKE THOSE AND DO
MEETINGS WHICH ARE DIFFERENT
FROM LIKE EMAIL COMMUNICATION.
SO IT MIGHT BE MORE TIMELY IF
THERE LIKE AN ISSUE THAT YOU
NEED YOU WANT TO SPEAK TO IN A
MORE TIMELY MANNER.
PHONE CALLS ARE WORK AND I
THINK WHAT&apos;S FOIBLE IS PROBABLY
LIKE THE APPOINTMENTS THAT YOU
ACTUALLY HAVE THE CALL BUT NOT
LIKE NO ONE EXPECTS YOU TO
SUBMIT A TRANSCRIPT OF THE
OF THE CALL WOULD BE HARD TO
GET EVERYONE ON THE CALL BUT
RIGHT.
YES WE ARE I THINK WE FORGET
THAT PHONES WE STILL HAVE WE
BASICALLY I THINK IF YOU WERE
ME LONG ENOUGH AND WE MAY GET
INTO THAT A LITTLE MORE BECAUSE
WE ARE GOING TO BE TALKING
ABOUT OUR COMMITTEE STRUCTURE
AND I KNOW THAT&apos;S SOMETHING
THAT THE CHAIR WANTS TO GET US
BACK INTO ACTIVE COMMITTEES AS
WE MOVE INTO THIS NEXT YEAR
OF SERVICE.
ANYTHING ELSE ON THE UNARMED
RESPONSE ISSUE?
SO WE WERE SUPPOSED TO LOOK AT
DOING A RESOLUTION TODAY I
WOULD PROPOSE AND PERHAPS
SOMEONE WOULD WOULD MOVE THAT
THE ISSUE OF A FURTHER
RESOLUTION TABLED UNTIL WE GET
ALL INPUT IN TERMS OF WHAT
WE&apos;RE GOING TO DO.
I MAKE A MOTION THAT WE CHAIR
THAT WE TAKE THAT ON.
ARMBRISTER RESOLUTION OFF THE
TABLE FOR NOW AND WE REVISIT IT
AT OUR NEXT MEETING TO GET ALL
THIS STUFF WE NEED TO GET
TOGETHER.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
IS THERE A SECOND SECOND.
THANK YOU SO THE MOTION IS TO
CHAIR THE ISSUE OF A RESOLUTION
RESPONSE RESOLUTION REGARDING
THE UNARMED RESPONSE ISSUE
UNTIL WE HAVE FURTHER
INFORMATION AND WE&apos;LL BRING IT
BACK UP AT THE NEXT MEETING ALL
IN FAVOR I&apos;M SORRY.
ANY QUESTIONS ALL IN FAVOR
OF THE MOTION BY ANY OPPOSED.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
THE MOTION PASSES UNDER.
DOES ANYONE HAVE ANY OTHER
BUSINESS THAT WE JUST DID NOT
INCLUDE ON THE AGENDA?
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT THEN WE&apos;RE GOING
TO MOVE ALONG TO NEW BUSINESS
WE HAD I DON&apos;T KNOW HOW MANY
COMMITTEES WE HAD AT ONE TIME.
COMMISSIONER HOFFMAN, YOU WHAT
COMMITTEE WERE YOU ON OUTREACH
ON THE OUTREACH WAS THERE WAS
THERE WERE THERE OTHER
COMMITTEES THAT ANYONE WAS
SERVING ON BESIDES THE OUTREACH
COMMITTEE?
&gt;&gt; I THOUGHT WE HAD OUTREACH
THEN WE STARTED HAVING THE
THAT WE STILL HAVE TO REVIEWIEW
POLICE COMPLAINTS THAT SMALL
GROUP MISOGYNIST AND WE HAD A
BUDGET COMMITTEE AND A BUDGET
COMMITTEE.
&gt;&gt; THAT&apos;S RIGHT.
DID THE COMMITTEE MEET YET
EARLIER ON WHEN YOU FIRST
STARTED CORRECT.
THAT THAT COMMITTEE WOULD YES.
&gt;&gt; DO WE NEED A BUDGET
COMMITTEE?
I THINK SO.
WE HAVE A BUDGET SET ASIDE
AMOUNT OF MONEY THAT&apos;S USED FOR
THIS COMMISSION THAT WE NEED TO
DECIDE YEARLY WHAT WE USE IT ON
IF IT&apos;S NIKOLOV STUFF OR IF
IT&apos;S FOR OTHER TRAININGS OR IF
IT&apos;S FOR LEGAL THINGS.
SO I THINK WE SHOULD BE LOOKING
AT WHAT MONIES WE HAVE AND HOW
WE GET SPENT.
&gt;&gt; OK, SO WE SO WE&apos;RE LOOKING
AT A COMMUNITY OUTREACH AND
WITH REGARD TO THE COMMUNITY
OUTREACH YOU THE COMMUNITY WE
ARE WE&apos;RE AN INDEPENDENT
COMMUNITY COMMISSION AND SO THE
COMMUNITY NEEDS TO KNOW THAT
WE&apos;RE HERE AND WHY WE&apos;RE HERE
AND THAT WE INVITE THEIR INPUT
IN EVERYTHING THAT WE DO.
&gt;&gt; SO WE NEED AN ACTIVE
OUTREACH COMMITTEE.
COMMISSIONER JACKSON, I HAD
DISCUSSED YOU KNOW, WE DON&apos;T
EVEN KNOW WHAT GROUPS THERE
ARE.
WE NEED A LIST OF COMMUNITY
GROUPS THAT WE CAN CONTACT AND
LET THEM KNOW WE&apos;RE HERE.
WE CAN COME OUT AND SPEAK TO
YOUR GROUP AND TELL YOU ABOUT
THE COMMISSION.
&gt;&gt; SO I I WOULD ASK THAT DOES
ANYONE THINK WE NEED ANY MORE
COMMITTEE&apos;S BUDGET COMMITTEE
AND THE COMMUNITY OUTREACH
COMMITTEE NOW COMMITTEES CAN
MEET THEY CAN&apos;T MAKE ANY
DECISIONS BUT THEY CAN MEET AND
I&apos;M ALSO INFORMED THAT THEY CAN
MEET BARSOUM SO YOU DON&apos;T HAVE
TO GET TOGETHER.
THE SMALL COMMITTEES AND MEET
NATSUME.
DOES ANYONE THINK WE NEED ANY
OTHER COMMITTEES OTHER THAN
BUDGET AND COMMUNITY OUTREACH?
BUT I COMMISSIONER JACKSON HAS
MENTIONED JUST THAT AND MAYBE
THIS IS THIS IS JUST THE
COMMUNITY OUTREACH PART BUT THE
COMMUNICATIONS COMMITTEE
NECESSARILY.
BUT YEAH.
AND MAYBE WE SHOULD WAIT AND I
COULD ASK I COULD ASK HER WHAT
SHE HAS HAD IN MIND FOR THAT
BECAUSE SHE TALKED TO ME ABOUT
FOR INSTANCE, HELPING HER WRITE
AN ANNUAL REPORT.
SO I DON&apos;T KNOW THAT THAT&apos;S
IT&apos;S PART OF THE COMMUNITY
OUTREACH BUT JUST
COMMUNICATIONS IN GENERAL
POTENTIALLY I&apos;M NOT SURE BUT IT
SEEMS TO ME THAT MAKES THAT
MAKES SENSE FOR COMMUNICATIONS
COMMITTEE BECAUSE WE ARE
SUPPOSED TO BE PREPARING AN
ANNUAL REPORT AND IF MCI WANTS
TO KNOW WHAT WE&apos;RE DOING,
SOMEBODY THAT THEY CAN, YOU
KNOW, COMMUNICATE WITH JEFF OR
IF I CAN INTERJECT FOR A SECOND
JUST FOR SOME HISTORICAL STUFF,
THE OUTREACH COMMITTEE IN THE
PAST HAS DONE THINGS LIKE HELP
TO CREATE THE LOGO THAT USED
AND ENGAGE YOUNG PEOPLE IN IN
DESIGNING THE YARD THE LOGO
THEY ALSO HOSTED AN
INFORMATIONAL MEETING AT THE
LIBRARY AND ALSO PART OF WHAT
WE DID IS OUTREACH WAS THE
THING THAT HAPPENED AT U OF M
THAT COMMISSIONERSHIP PUT
TOGETHER LAST YEAR TALKING
ABOUT HOW YOUNG PEOPLE WANTED
TO SEE POLICING IN THE
COMMUNITY SO THERE HASN&apos;T BEEN
SOME THINGS THAT THE OUTREACH
GROUP HAS DONE.
IT&apos;S SORT OF FALLEN APART IN
THE LAST YEAR OR SO.
THERE&apos;S BEEN SOME GREAT WORK
THAT HAD STARTED THAT THAT
WHOEVER JOINED THAT COMMITTEE
THEY CAN CONTINUE TO BUILD ON
THOSE THINGS.
&gt;&gt; RIGHT.
THANK YOU SO ALSO WE NEED TO
HAVE A COMMITTEE THE
INFORMATION MANAGERS BECAUSE
THAT&apos;S ALSO THE VIEW THE
COMPLAINTS AND WE HAVE QUITE A
NUMBER OF THOSE AND THAT IS
MORE OR LESS OF A TIME
CONSUMING BUT CAN BE DONE
WITHIN THE SPACE OF WHERE YOU
ARE.
YOU&apos;LL HAVE TO GO ANYWHERE
BECAUSE YOU ACCESS THE
INFORMATION.
SO I THINK WE HAVE WE HAVE FOR
THE TWENTY TWENTY ONE WE HAVE
ABOUT THIRTY SIX COMPLAINTS AND
I THINK WE HAVE NEAR THAT
TWENTY TWENTY TWO SO THAT THAT
STUFF NEEDS TO BE REVIEWED AND
TO LET THE COMMUNITY KNOW THAT
THERE IS AN ACTIVE STUFF GOING
ON AND REVIEWING THE
COMPLAINTS.
SO I THINK THIS WE CAN CONSIDER
THIS AN ESSENTIAL PART.
I THINK I THINK BESIDES THE
OUTREACH THIS IS REALLY AN
IMPORTANT COMPONENT OF OF OUR
CORE MISSION.
&gt;&gt; OK, SO WHEN THE CHAIR
RETURNS I THINK WE HAVE LISTED
FOUR COMMITTEES THAT WE THINK
THIS COMMISSION OUGHT TO HAVE
ACTIVE THOSE BEING COMMUNITY
OUTREACH, THE BUDGET COMMITTEE
,A COMMUNICATIONS COMMITTEE
WHICH WILL BE RESPONSIBLE AMONG
OTHER THINGS FOR THE ANNUAL
REPORT AND THE INFORMATION
MANAGERS AND THEY MEET ONCE A
MONTH GROUP.
&gt;&gt; SO I WOULD ASK EVERYONE TO
THINK ABOUT WHICH ONE OR TWO
OF THESE COMMITTEES YOU&apos;D LIKE
TO SERVE ON AND WE&apos;RE LOOKING
TOWARDS ACTIVATING THE
COMMITTEE AS A COMMISSIONER
REAL UPSET OVER THE LAST YEAR
WE&apos;VE BEEN EMBROILED IN SOME
OTHER THINGS AND SO OUR
COMMITTEE ACTIVITY HAS SORT
OF BEEN PUSHED TO THE SIDE.
SO LET&apos;S THINK ABOUT FOR THE
NEXT MEETING AND LET&apos;S PUT ON
THE AGENDA FOR THE NEXT MEETING
REACTIVATION OF OUR COMMITTEES
.
WE CAN THINK OF FOUR AND
PERHAPS THE CHAIR HAS SOMETHING
ADDITIONAL IN MIND BUT IF
EVERYBODY CAN CAN SAY OK, I&apos;M
GOING TO SERVE, I&apos;M GOING TO
SPEND TIME ON ACTIVELY ON ONE
OF THESE COMMITTEES.
&gt;&gt; OK, ANYTHING ELSE ABOUT
COMMITTEES CAN I DON&apos;T I LOVE
TO SERVE ON THE THE OUTREACH
COMMITTEE.
WE HAD THE ASIAN-AMERICAN
COMMUNITY HAD MET WITH OUR
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
MY GOSH I THINK THE END OF THE
SUMMER AND WE THE COMMITTEE
CAME A LOT OF PARENTS CAME IN
RESPONSE THE ANTI ASIAN HATE
THAT THE COMMITTEE HAD
EXPERIENCED OVER THE PAST TWO
YEARS CAME FROM A POWERPOINT
PRESENTATION.
I THINK AT THE END MY COMMUNITY
SAID I THINK WE ACTUALLY NEED
TO PRESENT TO YOU AND IT MADE
ME THINK HOW PERHAPS
THIS IS AN
OPPORTUNITY FOR OUR OUR
COMMISSION TO COME TO COMMUNITY
EVENTS.
SO WHEN THERE&apos;S ASIAN LUNAR NEW
YEAR OR AUTUMN MOON FESTIVAL, I
THINK THERE&apos;S TWO CHINESE
LANGUAGE SCHOOLS, SEVEN KOREAN
CHURCHES IN TOWN, ONE PERCENT
ASIAN CHURCH.
IT&apos;S I THINK THE CITY HAS
SEVENTEEN PERCENT POPULATION IS
ASIAN ASIAN-AMERICAN BUT
RELATIONSHIPS FROM POLICE AND
WORKING WITH POLICE CAN BE
PRETTY CONVOLUTED AND MAYBE
THAT&apos;S AN OPPORTUNITY WHERE THE
COMMISSION CAN COME AND ENGAGE
DIRECTLY AHEAD OF JUST AHEAD
OF ANY INCIDENCES.
WE SHOULDN&apos;T WE SHOULDN&apos;T HAVE
TO WAIT FOR AN INCIDENT TO
HAPPEN TO INTRODUCE OURSELVES
AND THEN AS FAR AS HOW
COMMITTEES WORK WITH EACH
OTHER, I&apos;D BE REALLY INTERESTED
TO SEE IF IF ECHO PARK WOULD BE
OPEN TO HAVING LIKE JOINT
MEETINGS WITH OTHER
COMMISSIONERS.
I&apos;M ON THE HOUSING AND HUMAN
SERVICES ADMINISTRATION
COMMITTEE.
I&apos;M ALSO ON WELL SO FOR EXAMPLE
FOR THE FOUR FOR THAT COMMITTEE
WE&apos;VE HAD JOINT MEETINGS WITH
THE RENTERS COMMISSION AND
WE&apos;VE PRESENTED TO EACH OTHER
SAY THIS IS THESE ARE THE
ISSUES THAT THEY&apos;RE
OUTSTANDING.
SO LIKE IF IPAC MET WITH THE
HOUSING AND HUMAN SERVICES
COMMISSION YOU&apos;LL HEAR THAT
WE&apos;VE GOT 500 EVICTION CASES IN
OUR COURTS RIGHT NOW
UNDERFUNDING OF OF SOCIAL
HOUSING SUPPORTIVE AGENCIES AND
HOW THAT DIRECTLY RELATES TO
POLICING AND SAFETY ISSUES IN
OUR COMMUNITY.
SO I FEEL LIKE THERE ARE
DISCUSSIONS ARE HAPPENING AGAIN
LIKE IN THESE SILOS.
IT&apos;D BE INTERESTING TO SEE
WHERE WE CAN COLLABORATE SO IT
PARK HOUSING AND THEN MAYBE A
PARK AND HUMAN RIGHTS
COMMISSION JUST SO THAT AS WE
PURSUE POTENTIAL RESOLUTIONS TO
COME BEFORE COUNCIL WE UNITE.
WE WE DON&apos;T MISS AN OPPORTUNITY
TO COLLABORATE WITH EACH IF WE
DON&apos;T REALLY KNOW WHO&apos;S ON EACH
ON EACH COMMISSION AND MAYBE
THAT&apos;S WHERE THE LITTLE
SUBGROUPS CAN KIND OF THINK
ABOUT BY WHERE WE CAN
COLLABORATE BY LOOKING AT THE
OTHER COMMISSION&apos;S AGENDAS OR
REACHING OUT TO THE OTHER
CHAIRS AND SAYING LIKE HEY,
WHAT ARE YOUR TOP THREE ISSUES
THAT YOU&apos;VE WORKED ON?
DOES IT RELATE TO POLICING IN
ANY WAY?
WOULD YOU LIKE TO COLLABORATE
ON A RESOLUTION WHICH YOU&apos;VE
DONE BEFORE RIGHT WITH AGENCY
BUT MAYBE THERE&apos;S MORE?
&gt;&gt; WELL, I THINK THAT&apos;S THE
KIND OF THING AND WHEN I WHEN I
MET WITH THE CHAIR LAST WEEK I
KNOW THAT&apos;S ONE OF THE THINGS
THAT SHE WANTS TO DO AND I TOLD
HER I WAS WILLING TO GO A PART
OF THE PROBLEM YOU MENTIONED
THE ASIAN-AMERICAN COMMUNITY.
WE DON&apos;T KNOW WHO THEY ARE.
WE DON&apos;T KNOW WHAT THE
ORGANIZATIONS ARE.
&gt;&gt; THERE ARE ORGANIZATIONS I
SUPPOSE IN EVERY COMMUNITY THAT
WE WANT TO REACH BUT WE DON&apos;T
KNOW, YOU KNOW, WHO THEY ARE OR
WHEN THEY MEET OR WHETHER THEY
WANT TO HEAR FROM US OR
WHATEVER AND WE WANT TO BUILD
RELATIONSHIPS SO THAT IT AND
IT&apos;S NOT JUST OH, SOMETHING
TERRIBLE HAPPENED.
WE WANT TO BUILD RELATIONSHIPS
WITH THE COMMUNITY AND SO THAT
THAT COMMUNITY OUTREACH
COMMITTEE IS GOING TO BE VERY
IMPORTANT AND IF ANYONE HAS ANY
CONNECTIONS SAY WE NEED A LIST,
WE NEED TO KNOW WHO IS OUT
THERE, WHO THE COMMUNITY IS AND
AND REACH OUT TO THEM, LET THEM
KNOW WE&apos;RE HERE AND FIND OUT
WHAT THEIR NEEDS.
SO I THINK THAT&apos;S GOING TO BE
VERY IMPORTANT.
SO WE WILL REVISIT THE
COMMUNITY THE COMMITTEE ISSUES
AGAIN NOW NEXT I&apos;LL MOVE ON IF
THERE&apos;S NOTHING ELSE ABOUT
COMMITTEES NEXT ON IS THE IC
PAC PUBLIC INFORMATION OFFICER
NOW I DON&apos;T KNOW WHAT THAT&apos;S
ABOUT.
&gt;&gt; THIS IS ACTUALLY SOMETHING
THAT WAS ADDED TO IS IS JUST A
NORMAL PROCEDURE WHERE WE
APPOINT AS A COMMISSION WE
APPOINT THE CHAIR OR VICE CHAIR
TO REPRESENT THE COMMISSION
LIKE IN TERMS OF INTERACTING
WITH THE MEDIA OR NOW WE ARE
MEETING WITH THE WITH THE WITH
THE POLICE OR WITH THE CITY
ADMINISTRATOR.
SO IN THIS CASE WE KNOW EXACTLY
WHO REPRESENTS THE COMMISSION.
SO IT&apos;S JUST SOMETHING THAT WE
HAD DONE IN THE PAST JUST TO
MAKE IT A LITTLE BIT MORE
FORMAL THAT WE APPOINT THE
CHAIR OR VICE CHAIR AS OTHER
LIAISON WITH THE MEDIA AND ALSO
WITH OTHER OFFICIALS TO MEET
WITH.
&gt;&gt; SO IN THIS CASE NOT EVERY
ONE OF US WOULD JUST GO OUT AND
SPEAK TO THE MEDIA.
RIGHT.
SO WE WOULD JUST WANT TO MAKE A
LITTLE BIT MORE OF A FORMAL
APPOINTMENT.
THAT WAS THE MOTION THAT THEY
WANTED TO PASS AND THERE WAS
ANOTHER ONE WHERE A SECOND
MOTION WOULD BE CHAIR OR VICE
CHAIR CAN APPOINT ANY OF THE
COMMISSIONER TO A PARTICULAR
TASK IF IF WE HAVE A PROJECT OR
IF WE HAVE AN ISSUE WE NEED TO
DEAL WITH AND WE HAVE SOMEONE
ON ON THE COMMISSION WHO IS AN
EXPERT IN THAT AREA, THAT
PERSON WOULD WOULD BE THE GO TO
PERSON TO ADDRESS OR TO DEAL
WITH WHAT THAT TASK IS IS MORE
OR LESS OF AD HOC KIND
OF THING.
IT&apos;S JUST ONE PROJECT AND IT&apos;S
DONE.
SO IT WAS JUST IT&apos;S JUST GIVE
THE CHAIR VICE CHAIR A LITTLE
BIT OF LEEWAY IN TERMS
OF MOVING THE COMMISSIONERS TO
DOING A FEW MORE THINGS.
I I CERTAINLY SEE THE
IMPORTANCE OF HAVING A PUBLIC
INFORMATION OFFICER SO THAT IF
SOMEBODY CALLS ME AND ASKED AND
ASKED FOR A COMMENT ON
SOMETHING THAT&apos;S HAPPENED, I
WOULD REFER THEM TO THE PUBLIC
INFORMATION OFFICER.
I WOULD NOT BE AUTHORIZED.
SO THIS IS A PERSON I
UNDERSTAND WHO WOULD BE
AUTHORIZED TO SPEAK ON BEHALF
OF THE COMMISSION AND I THINK
THAT THE THE CHAIR CERTAINLY
NEEDS TO BE PRESENT WHEN WE
WHEN WE TALK ABOUT THAT BECAUSE
I WOULD I WOULD THINK THAT SHE
WOULD BE THE PERSON WHO WOULD
ASSUME THAT RESPONSIBILITY AND
ALSO MAKE WHATEVER APPOINTMENTS
ARE NECESSARY ON AN AD BASIS.
&gt;&gt; SO I WOULD I WOULD ASK THAT
WE MOVE THIS TO NOVEMBER&apos;S
AGENDA.
&gt;&gt; THAT&apos;S ALL RIGHT.
SO IT&apos;S JUST WE CAN HAVE A
DISCUSSION AND NEXT TIME WE CAN
VOTE ON THAT ONE WE HAVE THE
FULL HOUSE.
&gt;&gt; IS THAT OK WITH EVERYBODY IF
WE PUT THAT ON NEXT MONTH&apos;S
AGENDA RATHER THAN ADDRESSING
IT AT THIS POINT I&apos;D PREFER TO
HAVE THE CHAIR PRESENT.
&gt;&gt; AND BY THE WAY, I WAS BACK
IN BACK TO THE COMMUNITY
OUTREACH.
AS I UNDERSTAND IT, THERE ARE
STILL GROUPS IN OUR COMMUNITY
THAT DON&apos;T WANT A GOOD
RELATIONSHIP WITH THE POLICE
DEPARTMENT.
I&apos;M STILL TRYING TO FIND OUT
WHO THOSE GROUPS ARE BUT I
THINK THOSE ARE THE GROUPS WE
NEED TO REACH OUT TO.
&gt;&gt; SO I DON&apos;T KNOW MAYBE NOBODY
KNOWS WHAT I&apos;M TALKING ABOUT
BUT I HAVE CERTAINLY HEARD THAT
THAT THAT&apos;S OUT THERE.
&gt;&gt; OK, NEXT ON THE AGENDA IS
COMMISSIONER ASSIGNMENT&apos;S AGAIN
IS THAT SOMETHING THAT THE
CHAIR NEEDS TO DO WITH THAT?
&gt;&gt; THAT&apos;S WHAT YOU WERE TALKING
ABOUT.
OK, YOU ASSIGNED A PARTICULAR
TASK COMMISSIONER OR
COMMISSIONER.
&gt;&gt; OK, SO WE CAN MOVE BOTH
OF THOSE ITEMS TO NOVEMBER&apos;S
AGENDA USE OF FORCE TRAINING.
DO WE HAVE ANYTHING PLAN
MISCHANCE AS FAR AS YOU KNOW,
WE&apos;RE TRYING TO PUT TOGETHER A
USE OF FORCE TRAINING FOR
NOVEMBER OR DECEMBER BUT THE
POLICE DEPARTMENT USUALLY DOES
NOT WANT TO GIVE A ONE ON ONE.
WE WERE HOPING FOR MAYBE THREE
OR MORE MEMBERS TO ATTEND DO
WHAT DO THEY HAVE ANY DATES OR
DO WE JUST TRY TO FIND A DATE
WHEN THEM WHEN WE WILL BE
AVAILABLE, SEND AN EMAIL ASKING
THE COMMISSIONER WHAT&apos;S BEST
FOR THEM FOR NOVEMBER AND
USUALLY AFTER THEY LET ME KNOW
THEN I WILL PASS THAT ON TO AP
AND THEY CAN LET US KNOW THEIR
SCHEDULE AND WE CAN GO
ACCORDINGLY.
USUALLY IT&apos;S USUALLY A FULL DAY
SO WE CAN PICK YOU KNOW WOULD
YOU RATHER HAVE END OF THE WEEK
OR USUALLY NOT ON WEEKENDS OR
IF WE HAVE TO BREAK IT DOWN
MAYBE A MORNING OR AN AFTERNOON
SESSION TO TALK AND IT IS
IMPORTANT IF THERE ARE
COMMISSIONERS WHO HAVEN&apos;T YET
GONE THROUGH THE USE OF FORCE
TRAINING, WE NEED TO KNOW, YOU
KNOW WHAT WHAT OUR OFFICERS HOW
OUR OUR OFFICERS ARE TRAINED SO
IF YOU CAN IF YOU RECEIVED THAT
EMAIL FROM US NESS PLEASE
RESPOND SO SHE CAN PUT TOGETHER
A DATE IN THE UPCOMING MONTH OR
SO.
OK, DO WE HAVE ANY IS THERE
ANYTHING ANY OTHER OLD OR NEW
BUSINESS THAT ANY COMMISSIONER
WOULD LIKE TO BRING TO THE
COMMISSION&apos;S ATTENTION AT THIS
POINT
I CAN I&apos;D LIKE TO
EVERYONE TO I&apos;D LIKE TO INVITE
EVERYONE TO THE WASHTENAW
HOUSING ALLIANCE IS HAVING A
CONFERENCE ON NOVEMBER 15TH.
IT&apos;S A FREE IT&apos;S A FREE SUMMIT
ON HOUSING HOUSING ISSUES AND
THE COMMITTEE AND DR. EL-SAYED
IS THE KEYNOTE.
SO I THINK ALL THE HOUSING
AGENCIES AND FOLKS WHO ARE
REALLY CONCERNED ABOUT WHAT&apos;S
GOING
ON WITH AGENCIES IN THE
COUNTY FROM KOMY ACTION NETWORK
AVALON.
OH YES.
BONNIE, HE&apos;S SO IT BE
INTERESTING THIS IS AN
OPPORTUNITY HERE FROM A NUMBER
OF DOCTORS WHO ARE WORKING
DIRECTLY ON HOUSING
HOMELESSNESS AND SOME OF THE
AND SOME OF THE FOLKS ARE ALSO
VERY ACTIVE IN CROZ.
SO IN THE IN THE COMI RESPONSE
TO CACIOPPO TO THIS WHAT IS
CROSSTAB FOR NOW IT&apos;S THE GROUP
THAT HELPED BRING UNARMED
CRISIS RESPONSE FORWARD TO COME
TO COUNCIL.
SO THERE&apos;S A LOT OF OVERLAP
INTERESTS.
SO IF FOLKS ARE AVAILABLE I&apos;D
REALLY ENCOURAGE YOU TO COME
JOIN US.
&gt;&gt; IS THERE SOME KIND OF A
PUBLIC FLIER OR ANNOUNCEMENT OR
SOMETHING THAT CAN GO OUT TO
THE COMMISSIONER?
&gt;&gt; SO WE HAVE THAT INFORMATION.
I CAN SEND THE WEBSITE WHERE
YOU CAN REGISTER INBOUNDING YOU
MIGHT HAVE MORE INFORMATION.
&gt;&gt; YES.
NOT I DON&apos;T THINK IT&apos;S
AVAILABLE YET WITHOUT FLIERS
AVAILABLE WE&apos;LL MAKE SURE.
WOULD YOU SEND IT OUT TO ALL
THE COMMISSIONERS?
I SEE IT OUT OF CHECK.
&gt;&gt; ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
OK, I DON&apos;T YEAH.
&gt;&gt; YEAH.
EXCUSE ME.
I JUST WANTED TO MENTION THAT
THE AIRPORT TRAINING PLAN IS
ATTACHED TO THE AGENDA SO THEY
CAN JUST LOOK AT THE LEAGUE AND
SEE THE TRAININGS THAT WERE
MAPPED OUT FROM THE COMMITTEE
LAST YEAR SO EVERYBODY CAN SEE
THAT ATTACHED IN THE TRAINING
PLAN.
YEAH, THE TRAINING PLAN IS
ATTACHED.
&gt;&gt; WELL THE LAST PAGE ATTACHED
IS THE LAST PAGE AFTER THE
MINUTES MINUTES AND IT IS
IMPORTANT THAT WE KNOW I THINK
AT THE LAST MEETING WE TALKED
ABOUT HOW IMPORTANT IT WAS FOR
THOSE OF US WHO COULD TEND TO
GO TO THE PARK CONFERENCE A FEW
WEEKS AGO NOW AND IT&apos;S
IMPORTANT TO BE TRAINED WE
LEARN A LOT FROM OTHER
OVERSIGHT ORGANIZATIONS AROUND
THE COUNTRY WHAT IS BEING DONE
,WHAT CAN BE DONE.
&gt;&gt; THANK YOU.
ARE THERE ANY OTHER
COMMUNICATIONS?
&gt;&gt; IS TANNIS BECAUSE NO ONE
ELSE IS WAITING TO SPEAK.
&gt;&gt; NO ONE IN THE AUDIENCE IS
WAITING TO SPEAK.
NO, I DON&apos;T HAVE ANYONE.
OK, THANK YOU.
IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE THAT ANY
OF THE COMMISSIONERS NEED TO
PUT ON THE RECORD OR SPEAK TO
US ABOUT THIS EVENING IF NOT
ME?
I HAVE A MOTION TO ADJOURN.
&gt;&gt; MOTION TO ADJOURN.
IS THERE A SECOND?
A SECOND MEETING IS ADJOURNED.
THANK